Use contenthash name param for webpack caching (#31145)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/all-bats-shine.md

---

> '@backstage/cli': minor

Author: fixed

---

> Change webpack caching config param to `contenthash` for cli bundler. This fixes an issue with webpack sometimes generating same hash name output files even though the content of a file was different. See more at [https://webpack.js.org/guides/caching/](https://webpack.js.org/guides/caching/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the WebPack configuration to use `contenthash`. This fixes an issue were builds would sometimes generate output files with the same name but different content across builds, leading to breakages when loading the frontend app.
```
